#OOT Update 01/Jan/26

This change was intended to fix the slow text boxes that are often an annoyance in OOT.

After carefully analyzing the code for a while I discerned that for this change I needed to make alterations to the z_message.c and message.h files. After writing the section of code and checking and double checking that it seemed sound I compiled a new ROM to test to see if it worked. After having to make some minor revisions the ROM successfully compiled, and the change sort of worked, as the text boxes now did behave how I wanted them to, namely when pressing A during a crawl it automatically displays all the text in the current box. However it also did two things I didn't want, namely added awkward icons to certain cutscene text boxes that weren't supposed to have them, and for the regular text boxes required two A presses to go to the next text box instead of just one.

Now I made the mistake of making too many changes at once, one of which turned out to be detrimental. Originally I had told the code to exclude three kinds of textboxEndType so that my changes didn't apply to them. However I then added TEXTBOX_ENDTYPE_DEFAULT to the list of text boxes to exclude, because I mistakenly thought that this was the reason why the awkward icon was appearing during the cutscene and that it was safe to exclude them. However it was not, and excluding Default prevented any of my changes from being applied to any of the text boxes they were supposed to be applied to. My instincts for what I needed to change to make the code work properly were mostly correct, but because I had excluded Default none of them worked until I eventually figured out that that was the issue. Once Default was taken off of the list of text boxes to be excluded and my other fixes reapplied, the ROM and game behaved exactly how I wanted to.

Still, it reminded me of the importance of applying scientific methodology, namely only change ONE thing at a time so that you can know exactly what caused what.
